docs: packages and apps (#28)
defi-wonderland/grants-stack-indexer-v2: packages/data-flow/README.md

    logIndex,
);
```

## API

### [Orchestrator](./src/orchestrator.ts)

The `Orchestrator` class is responsible for orchestrating the processing pipeline for the gitcoin grants-stack-indexer.

### [EventsRegistry](./src/eventsRegistry.ts)

The `EventsRegistry` class is responsible for registering processed events in the processing pipeline.

### [EventsProcessor](./src/eventsProcessor.ts)

The `EventsProcessor` class is responsible for processing events in the processing pipeline.

### [EventsFetcher](./src/eventsFetcher.ts)

The `EventsFetcher` class is responsible for fetching events from the blockchain.

### [StrategyRegistry](./src/strategyRegistry.ts)

> The `StrategyRegistry` stores strategy IDs in memory to populate strategy events with them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `StrategyRegistry` stores strategy IDs to populate strategy events with them given the Strategy address.
```

### [DataLoader](./src/data-loader/dataLoader.ts)

> The `DataLoader` is responsible for applying changesets to the database..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DataLoader` is responsible for applying changesets to the database.
```
